Hint at App-Router URL for login with extensibility commands (#1875)
cap-js/docs: guides/deployment/to-cf.md

[…]
```

You can use this URL to access the App Router as the entry point of your application.

> For **multitenant applications**, you have to subscribe a tenant first. The application is accessible via a tenant-specific URL after subscription.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For **multitenant applications**, you have to subscribe a tenant first. The application is accessible via a tenant-specific App Router URL after subscription.
```

::: info SaaS Extensibility

> Share the above App-Router URL with SaaS consumers for logging in as extension developers using `cds login` or other [extensibility-related commands](https://cap.cloud.sap/docs/guides/extensibility/customization#prep-as-operator).

Author: No, `cds login` (and `cds pull`, `cds push`, which build on it) uses the *generic* App-Router URL and the *tenant-specific subdomain* in conjunction – as opposed to accessing the app via browser, where you need the *tenant-specific App-Router URL.*

> Share the above App-Router URL with SaaS consumers for logging in as extension developers using `cds login` or other [extensibility-related commands](https://cap.cloud.sap/docs/guides/extensibility/customization#prep-as-operator).

Reviewer: How do they know the tenant-specific subdomain? Do we also need to provide that together with the App Router URL?
```suggestion
Share the generic App-Router URL with SaaS consumers for logging in as extension developers using `cds login` or other [extensibility-related commands](../extensibility/customization#prep-as-operator).
```

> Share the above App-Router URL with SaaS consumers for logging in as extension developers using `cds login` or other [extensibility-related commands](https://cap.cloud.sap/docs/guides/extensibility/customization#prep-as-operator).

Reviewer: Hi @tim-sh ,
I'll merge this for now. If you feel the subdomain should also be mentioned here, please do that in a new PR. Thanks.
